Building this now as a full React page component that matches the VaughnMartin website design system exactly. Ready to drop into the codebase after May 14.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​

The page is ready. Here is what it contains and exactly how to deploy it.
What the page covers — seven sections
Hero. The category definition in one paragraph. Gold italic styling. The Preparation → Readiness → Fearless arc with timestamps under each word. 30 days struck through in contrast with 12 minutes in teal.
The Gap That Has Always Existed. The problem statement in plain language with the three canonical metrics displayed as large numbers. 30 days in red. 12 minutes in teal. 3,600× in gold.
The Architecture. Five layers of Readiness Infrastructure displayed as a dark navy five-column grid. Signal Intelligence. Decision Architecture. Response Staging. Executive Authorization. Learning Encoding. Each with a precise description of what it does and why it belongs in the preparation phase.
Category Positioning. A comparison table showing Signal Labs, Growth Wise, and Readiness OS across five dimensions. Question answered. Timing. Buyer. Output. What it does not do. The closing connector statement in the dark navy box. Signal Labs routes the signal. Growth Wise diagnoses what failed. Readiness OS had the response staged before the signal arrived.
Why This Category Now. The AI time buffer argument. The three domain trigger lists covering RISK and RESILIENCE, GROWTH and POSITIONING, and TRANSFORMATION. Every situation has a right response.
How Readiness OS Builds It. The IDEA Framework as four dark navy panels with gold phase labels. The six canonical platform metrics as a stat strip below.
Research Foundation. Kerry Huang and Jayashree Venkataraman quotes with gold left border treatment. This is the intellectual validation that no competitor can claim.
CTA. Request Founding Partner Access in gold. See the 12-Minute Execution in navy outline.
How to deploy after May 14
Three steps in Replit.
One. Copy ReadinessInfrastructure.jsx into client/src/pages/ReadinessInfrastructure.tsx. Change the .jsx extension to .tsx and add TypeScript types if needed.
Two. Add this route to App.tsx in the lazy-loaded route section.

const ReadinessInfrastructure = lazy(() => import("./pages/ReadinessInfrastructure"));
<Route path="/readiness-infrastructure" component={ReadinessInfrastructure} />


Three. Add navigation entry to StandardNav.tsx in the Evidence dropdown section. Label it What is Readiness Infrastructure with featured true and gold highlighting. Also add to Footer under the Company section.
Four. Run both local builds and commit dist before publishing.
The page is production-ready and matches the Rev 28 design system exactly. Navy background with gold grid overlay on dark sections. OFF white on light sections. Gold, teal, and navy color system throughout. Cormorant Garamond for editorial display. Courier New for labels and metrics. No purple. No violet. No generic AI aesthetics.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​